bpo-16995: add support for base32 extended hex (base32hex) (#20441)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2020-05-27-00-09-52.bpo-16995.4niOT7.rst

> Add Base32 w/ Extended Hex Alphabet functions to the base64 module (b32hexencode, b32hexdecode)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add :func:`base64.b32hexencode` and :func:`base64.b32hexdecode` to support Base 32 Encoding with Extended Hex Alphabet.
```

Reviewer 2: If you'd like credit in [the changelog](https://docs.python.org/3/whatsnew/changelog.html), you can also add your name to this, like:

`Patch contributed by Filipe Laíns.`

Also, is this based on Matthäus Wander's patch? If so we should probably give them attribution as well, like:

`Patch contributed by Matthäus Wander and Filipe Laíns.`

This should probably also have a What's New entry.

Author: No need for credit and the patch was made from scratch.
